

If you know that a function f(x) is positive everywhere,
    what can you conclude from that about the derivative f'(x)?: Nothing

Name all six simple machines.
What is the name of the fixed point at which a lever pivots? 
If you put together 2 or more simple machines, what is it called?
Which simple machine would be the most efficient for lifting an object 30 meters off the ground? 
How does a simple machine make work easier? 
What type of energy is stored or “might be used” or “capable of moving”? 

What does the Law of Conservation of Energy say?
How could you increase the potential energy of a ball?
Describe the relationship of potential and kinetic energy as a ball is dropped from 2 meters off the ground. 
List at least 4 different forms in which energy can exist. 
What is the difference between speed and velocity? 
If group A is pulling on a rope with 25 Newtons in one direction and group B is pulling on the rope with 28 Newtons of force in a different direction, what is the net force on the rope? 
What happens to kinetic energy when friction is applied to a moving object?
Draw a line graph illustrating the following scenario:
    Bree started the hike slowly, then she got warmed up and ran quickly along the trail. 
    After a few minutes, she tripped on a root and fell.  
    She waited for help.
Allison and Marvin are playing on a merry go round. Allison throws Marvin a ball as they spin counter clockwise. Where will the ball land from Marvin’s point of view? 
What is true about opposite poles on a magnet? 
List 2 conductors of electricity and 2 non-conductors (insulators) of electricity. 
What atomic particles are flowing to create an electric current? 
What is the main source of energy for us in North Carolina?  

Then, list 2 sources of “green” energy that some communities are using. 
What is the source of energy in a battery? 
When you kick a soccer ball, what 2 forces cause it to stop?
When Manny Pacquiao throws a punch, how does the force applied to his opponent’s face compare to the amount of force applied to Pacquiao’s fist?
What will fall faster, a 10 pound bowling ball or a 15 pound bowling ball?
Why?
Name one place in our solar system where you would weigh more than you do on Earth?
Why? 
What causes an object to change speed, direction of motion, or both?
What causes an object to change speed, direction of motion, or both?

